Improve explanation of image formatting in `Article styling criteria/Formatting` (#6289)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Article_styling_criteria/Formatting/en.md

**Inline style:**

```markdown

> ![Australian flag](/wiki/shared/flag/AU.gif "Australia")

Reviewer: flags are kinda bad examples at this point because they're supporting icons that don't need alt text.

I think a good example would be the placement crowns from tournaments, since they showcase the difference between alt & title text

Reviewer 2: +1

```

**Reference style:**

```markdown
![Australian flag][flag_AU]

[flag_AU]: /wiki/shared/flag/AU.gif "Australia"
```

Images should use the inline linking style. References to reference links must be placed at the bottom of the article.

> The (first pair of) square brackets should contain a description of the image. It will be used by screen readers or when the image fails to load.
> 
> The text between the quotation marks will be displayed below the image and when hovering the mouse cursor over the image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The text in the first pair of square brackets (*[alternative text](#alt-text)*) is optional and should describe the image literally. It is used by screen readers or when the image fails to load.

The text in the quotation marks (*title text*) is optional and should give additional context to the image or indicate its meaning. It is displayed when hovering over the image and set as the [caption](#captions) if applicable.
```

> The text between the quotation marks will be displayed below the image and when hovering the mouse cursor over the image.

Reviewer: not sure if it matters but this feels a little repetitive with the `Alt text` and `Captions` sections. maybe this should stick to explaining the formatting only, and suggested usage goes in the other sections? maybe combine all the sections into this one? maybe it's fine as-is?

I'll just wait for another review...

Reviewer 2: imo merging all three sections into a single one makes more sense. it would also allow for a shorter explanation, such as:

```markdown
Images are blah blah and have the following format:

![Alt text](/wiki/path/to/image.png "Title text")

Where:

- `Alt text` is ... . It is optional and does ... and ... .
- `Title text` is ... . It is optional and does ... and ... . It will be rendered as the image's caption if ... and ... .
```

Reviewer: didn't do exactly this but I think I made it read well from top to bottom now
